Add "merge" blend mode (#6936)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

### Added
- Added segment groups so that segments can be organized in a hierarchy (similar to skeletons). [#6966](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/6966)

> - Added a new "cover" blend mode which renders the visible layers on top of each other. The new blend mode can be selected in the Data Rendering settings in the right settings tab. [#6936](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/6936)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new "cover" blend mode which renders the visible layers on top of each other. The new blend mode can be selected in the Data Rendering settings in the settings tab of the left side bar. [#6936](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/6936)
```
